CommunityRules.md, before:

`Updated 1/3/2023`
 
**We follow ALL Discord Community Guidelines and abide by ALL clauses in Discord's Terms of Service. The staff team has FULL discretion regarding CG and ToS violations:**

   `Discord Community Guidelines:` https://discord.com/guidelines
   `Discord Terms of Service:` https://discord.com/terms

**You must read and agree to the rules to gain access to the server.**

```diff
- Note - Our moderation bots (Warship and Dyno) use DMs to let users know when they've committed infractions. Failure to enable DMs on this server may result in eventual warn, mute, kick, or ban without notification.
```
```diff
- RULES
```
1. **NO SCALPING OR TAKING ADVANTAGE OF EXTREME MARKET DEMAND.** 
Scalping has many similar definitions, but we define scalping in two ways, which applies to ALL items:
 * Taking advantage of market shortages by selling items far above cost
 * Deliberate purchasing of in-demand items with the express intent to resell for profit
 
These behaviors encourages toxic conversation and behavior, add no economic value, causing hardship and frustration for users who want to buy hardware at a reasonable price. **Users will be banned if found scalping.**

**Note:** By being a member of this server, you agree not to scalp on this Discord or anywhere else; i.e. no scalping on eBay, Reddit /r/hardwareswap, Facebook Marketplace, in line at MC, etc. We have this strict rule for a reason - what point is there to allow users access to our anti-scalper community and resources if they're used to scalp in other marketplaces?

For more information on this rule, including how scalping is defined in detail, please see <#892606881581899826>. 
 
2. **Violating, or encouraging the violation of Micro Center policies, or committing return fraud, is strictly prohibited.**

3. **Be kind and respectful.**

4. **No political discussion.**

5. **No spam. Violations will result in warnings and/or mutes.** Bots will be removed.

6. **Spreading false information __maliciously__ is prohibited.** We will not accept users trying to misguide others. Staff will determine collaboratively if malicious intention is present.

7. **Links to fundraisers, or products with embedded referral codes are not allowed.** This includes GoFundMe links, or links to retailers with your referral code embedded in the URL.

8. **Advertising other Discords, whether in the server or in DMs, without the permission of an admin is forbidden.** Please DM <@575252669443211264> if you would like to request permission to share a particular server.

9. **Don't ask questions about stock in stock-alerts channels.** Messages in stock-alerts channels should be limited to *providing* information about what's in stock at the store. Questions about stock can be directed to specific store-chat channels.
<--- POST BREAK HERE --->
```ini
[TOS INTERPRETATIONS FOR OUR SERVER]
```
10. **Ban evasion is forbidden.** Creating a new account to get around a ban will result in your new account being banned, along with report to Discord Trust and Safety, who will likely terminate all of your accounts permanently.

11. **Discussion of non-official retailers of keys and licensure for games, operating systems, etc. is forbidden.** Secondhand marketplaces such as G2A and Kinguin contain keys of unknown origin - this means your purchase may have been legal, but the origin of the purchase may not have been.

12. **Posting NSFW content is forbidden.** Gore (and sadistic content), sexual content, nudity, glorification of suicide, murder, violence, extremism are not allowed. This includes in meme format.

13. **Hate speech is forbidden.** We do not condone hate speech of any race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender, socio-economic status, religious affiliation or disability. This includes meme content. Users violating this rule will be banned.

14. **Threats will be taken seriously.** There have been a number of instances in our server history where people have made threats involving guns, knifes, etc.
 
15. **We oppose the discussion of bots in the server.** This is case-by-case, but in many instances bots are used with the intention to purchase multiple and resell. This goes against the mission of the server, and in many cases the terms of service for respective companies. 

16. **Doxxing is forbidden.** Doxxing is the revealing of *private*, identifying information about someone in an online setting. This includes threats towards or revealing information to someone's IRL friends, family, or employer without their consent.
```ini
[SAFETY/SECURITY NOTES]
```
**Strongly consider enabling 2FA on your Discord account, if you haven't already.** Phishing attacks unfortunately do happen, and should you accidentally click on a malicious link, 2FA will save you and your account from compromise.

**Report any suspicious activity to @ModMail#5460.** This allows all of staff to assist you with your concern.

**We are not responsible for information shared in DMs.** There can be times when people DM you regarding information in stores, or regarding marketplace interactions or other content. Use your best judgement when clicking on links or negotiating deals. This does not mean that our rules about hate speech and kindness and threats do not apply in DMs - they most certainly do.
```ini
[OTHER NOTES]
```
**All buying and selling activity must be conducted through the Marketplace.** The marketplace is a feature designed to accommodate the community, but isn't the main feature of this server. It has its own set of additional rules, detailed in <#892606881581899826>. If you intend to buy or sell hardware here, you must read and accept them.

**For EVGA and Newegg wins, you are permitted to "give" them to other users.** You may not sell them in the marketplace, however, until items are in-hand. We are not responsible for any data leaks or compromised information should you choose to allow others to log into your accounts. Please see <#892606881581899826> for more information.
 
**Discord links are disabled.** This is mostly to prevent bot spam and other phishing attacks.
 
**Slowmode has been enabled on certain channels.** For example, our server has stock-alert channels intended specifically to notify people of stock at a particular store. As stated above, asking questions in stock-alerts channels is considered spam and will be removed.
```ini
[ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE]
```
**By reacting to this message (by clicking or tapping :white_check_mark:), you accept the rules stated above, and policies enforced by the server, Discord, Micro Center, and relevant parties.**

Commit message:

Discretion is back, and referral link adjust

CommunityRules.md, after:

`Updated 2/14/2023`
 
**We follow ALL Discord Community Guidelines and abide by ALL clauses in Discord's Terms of Service. The staff team has FULL discretion regarding CG and ToS violations:**

   `Discord Community Guidelines:` https://discord.com/guidelines
   `Discord Terms of Service:` https://discord.com/terms

**You must read and agree to the rules to gain access to the server.**

** Staff may moderate at their discretion** While we've tried our best to write a comprehensive set of rules, nothing is perfect and not all situations may be considered. Any atempts to circumvent rules will not be tolerated, and staff has discretion to moderate anything beyond what's listed that we deem inappropriate.
```diff
- Note - Our moderation bots (Warship and Dyno) use DMs to let users know when they've committed infractions. Failure to enable DMs on this server may result in eventual warn, mute, kick, or ban without notification.
```
```diff
- RULES
```
1. **NO SCALPING OR TAKING ADVANTAGE OF EXTREME MARKET DEMAND.** 
Scalping has many similar definitions, but we define scalping in two ways, which applies to ALL items:
 * Taking advantage of market shortages by selling items far above cost
 * Deliberate purchasing of in-demand items with the express intent to resell for profit
 
These behaviors encourages toxic conversation and behavior, add no economic value, causing hardship and frustration for users who want to buy hardware at a reasonable price. **Users will be banned if found scalping.** For more information on this rule, including how scalping is defined in detail, please see <#892606881581899826>.

**Note:** By being a member of this server, **you agree not to scalp on this Discord or anywhere else**; i.e. no scalping on eBay, Reddit /r/hardwareswap, Facebook Marketplace, in line at MC, etc. What point is there to allow users access to our anti-scalper community and resources if they're used to scalp in other marketplaces?
 
2. **Violating, or encouraging the violation of Micro Center policies, or committing return fraud, is strictly prohibited.**

3. **Be kind and respectful.** This rule is broadly written for a reason, so please apply common sense here. This includes attempts to circumvent the censored word list.

4. **No political discussion.**

5. **No spam. Violations will result in warnings and/or mutes.**

6. **Spreading false information __maliciously__ is prohibited.** We will not accept users trying to misguide others. Staff will determine if malicious intention is present.

7. **Links with embedded referral codes, QR codes, or links to crowdfunding (GoFundMe, etc.) are not allowed.**

8. **Advertising other Discords, whether in the server or in DMs, without the permission of an admin is forbidden.** Please DM <@575252669443211264> if you would like to request permission to share a particular server.

9. **Don't ask questions about stock in stock-alerts channels.** Messages in stock-alerts channels are intended to *provide* information about what's in stock at the store. Questions about stock can be directed to specific store-chat channels.
<--- POST BREAK HERE --->
```ini
[TOS INTERPRETATIONS FOR OUR SERVER]
```
10. **Ban evasion is forbidden.** Creating a new account to get around a ban will result in your new account being banned, along with report to Discord Trust and Safety, who will likely terminate all of your accounts permanently.

11. **Discussion of non-official retailers of keys and licensure for games, operating systems, etc. is forbidden.** Secondhand marketplaces such as G2A and Kinguin contain keys of unknown origin - this means your purchase may have been legal, but the origin of the purchase may not have been.

12. **Posting NSFW content is forbidden.** Gore (and sadistic content), sexual content, nudity, glorification of suicide, murder, violence, extremism are not allowed. This includes in meme format.

13. **Hate speech is forbidden.** We do not condone hate speech of any race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender, socio-economic status, religious affiliation or disability. This includes meme content. Users violating this rule will be banned.

14. **Threats will be taken seriously.** There have been a number of instances in our server history where people have made threats involving guns, knifes, etc.
 
15. **We oppose the discussion of bots in the server.** This is case-by-case, but in many instances bots are used with the intention to purchase multiple and resell. This goes against the mission of the server, and in many cases the terms of service for respective companies. 

16. **Doxxing is forbidden.** Doxxing is the revealing of *private*, identifying information about someone in an online setting. This includes threats towards or revealing information to someone's IRL friends, family, or employer without their consent.
```ini
[SAFETY/SECURITY NOTES]
```
**Strongly consider enabling 2FA on your Discord account, if you haven't already.** Phishing attacks unfortunately do happen, and should you accidentally click on a malicious link, 2FA will save you and your account from compromise.

**Report any suspicious activity to @ModMail#5460.** This allows all of staff to assist you with your concern.

**We are not responsible for information shared in DMs.** There can be times when people DM you regarding information in stores, or regarding marketplace interactions or other content. Use your best judgement when clicking on links or negotiating deals. This does not mean that our rules about hate speech and kindness and threats do not apply in DMs - they most certainly do.
```ini
[OTHER NOTES]
```
**All buying and selling activity must be conducted through the Marketplace.** The marketplace is a feature designed to accommodate the community, but isn't the main feature of this server. It has its own set of additional rules, detailed in <#892606881581899826>. If you intend to buy or sell hardware here, you must read and accept them.

**For EVGA and Newegg wins, you are permitted to "give" them to other users.** You may not sell them in the marketplace, however, until items are in-hand. We are not responsible for any data leaks or compromised information should you choose to allow others to log into your accounts. Please see <#892606881581899826> for more information.
 
**Discord links are disabled.** This is mostly to prevent bot spam and other phishing attacks.
 
**Slowmode has been enabled on certain channels.** For example, our server has stock-alert channels intended specifically to notify people of stock at a particular store. As stated above, asking questions in stock-alerts channels is considered spam and will be removed.
```ini
[ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE]
```
**By reacting to this message (by clicking or tapping :white_check_mark:), you accept the rules stated above, and policies enforced by the server, Discord, Micro Center, and relevant parties.**
