MarketplaceRules.md, before:

```ini
[Marketplace Rules] 
```
`Updated 11/02/2021`

*First, some things to define;*

** Users must be __LEVEL 10__ to POST in the marketplace.** The marketplace is a privilege for active members. This is to protect you from scammers and exploitation of the marketplace. You can check your level by typing \rank in <#809956837062737960>

 **Receipt value** - The amount of money paid for your item **from a retailer BEFORE TAX.** If this is a restricted product, and a user is unable to provide a receipt from an __authorized__ retailer, we will base it off **the current price from MicroCenter**. If not available from MicroCenter, staff will use their best judgement from other retailers.

** Restricted product** - Due to the wonderful world of semiconductor shortages, some items will be heavily monitored in the marketplace channels;
```diff
- Graphics cards (Ampere (30 series), Turing (20 series, 16 series), Big Navi (6000 series), Navi (5000 series)
```

1. **If your listing contains a restricted product (see above), you must include the receipt value and the math used to determine your sale price, somewhere in your listing. Staff may request receipts for verification.
**
**When rule violations occur with these items, staff will treat it with heightened priority and seriousness.**

** MSRP** - When staff use this term, refer to Receipt value.
 \
2. **ALL TRANSACTIONS HAPPEN IN THE MARKETPLACE. **Those who offer to sell or buy in chats will be warned, and their messages deleted. See above.

3. **Marketplace is intended for hardware only.** There is some leeway with this, since hardware is loosely defined. We intend for computer components, peripherals, and other DIY-related content to be posted in the marketplace. Obscure or unrelated content will be removed.


4. **NO SCALPING. IMPORTANT!!!** __Please read carefully.__

** Price Brackets**
We have price brackets established for ALL items in the marketplace. 
```yaml
For products with a receipt value of $0-999.99: Max amount: Receipt value x 1.23
For products with a receipt value of $1000-1999.99: Max amount: Receipt value x 1.17
For products with a receipt value of $2000+: Max amount: Receipt value x 1.14
```

**ALL listings must follow this rule, including trade deals ON BOTH ENDS.**
In regards to undervaluing, staff will use discretion to determine if the user is exploiting the marketplace.
**Please review the term "Receipt Value" above.**

 **Inclusion Costs**
This section tells you what you can include in the **receipt value** of a product. Please see **Receipt Value** above for definition

**What can be included in RECEIPT VALUE:**
    Warranties - **must be transferable**. MicroCenter warranties are transferable.

**What cannot be included in RECEIPT VALUE:**
```
> Shipping and handling from a retailer - cannot be involved in your profit.
> Sale/transaction fees - this is due to ToS violation of certain organizations like PayPal.
> Bundled software - You get the software for free - why would you get to profit from it?
> Tax - can't be involved in your profit. You may, however, simply list your item for receipt value (no multiplier) + tax, what many call "at cost".
```


** Violations**
 Violations of this rule is based upon discretion of staff; however, users will not be punished for human error. We are all human, so we understand. As stated previously, restricted products will be of higher scrutiny. Please review the scalping policy as stated in <#892488347036041267> ; in many scenarios,** scalping will result in ban.**

** Discretion**
There will always be subjective cases to listings, such as bundles and prebuilts. As such, **staff will be able to use discretion on ALL listings in the marketplace**. If you're trying to loophole the system, whether it be bundles or prebuilts or anything else, you will be moderated.
<--- POST LINE BREAK --->
```ini
[Listing Rules]
```
5. **Please follow H-W-L format.** H - have, W - want, L - location, example:

```
[H] 3080 X (paid $1009 after tax)
[W] 3080 Y
[L] Columbus, Ohio 
```

Do not put W before H, as it makes it confusing, and you'll get a bunch of messages from people who misread.

6. **Listings only in marketplace channels.** Your DMs should be open if you're expecting to negotiate in marketplace. Discussion and commentary about listings is not allowed.

 7. **ALL LISTINGS REQUIRE A LEGIBLE, RECENT TIMESTAMP.** After many complaints of false postings and scams, you must take a picture of the item with your username and date somewhere in the image. It cannot be digitally added to a picture; must be handwritten.

8. **All items in listings must be IN HAND.** No posting pictures of a Newegg dub. Have them item in hand, follow the rule above, then post.

9. **All selling listings require asking price.** 

10. **WANT TO BUY REQUESTS ARE NOT ALLOWED.** They are considered spam.

11. **You may repost your listing once every 48 hours, at most 3 times.** If it doesn't sell, it doesn't sell. Don't clutter the marketplace.

12. **You cannot ask for transaction fees when using PayPal.** This is against their terms of use.

13. **If you are shipping something, you must emphasize who covers those costs.** On other platforms, when the cost of an item covers shipping, they say  "$(dollar amount) shipped". Else, emphasize that shipping costs are separate.

14.  **DO NOT DELETE LISTINGS.** We like to keep records. We will know if you delete it, and still have a copy. **If you have sold or traded your item, edit the listing saying SOLD or TRADED.  If you no longer wish to sell your item, please strike it out and mark as "no longer for sale."**
<---POST LINE BREAK--->
```ini
[Notes]
```
**We take the marketplace seriously.** It is one of the most controversial concepts for a Discord server, especially when we enforce scalper policy. As such, understand that every action comes with discussion amongst the staff members

**Be smart about what you do online.** We do everything we can to prevent scamming or exploitation, but we are not impenetrable. Please use caution, and report suspicious behaviors to <@575252669443211264>

**It may be wise to write your listing in Notepad prior to submission.**

**Keep your listing to the point.** Add notes that you feel are relevant, but don't make it spammy.

**Marketplace is a privilege.** As stated before, the marketplace is controversial. We want to make user experience fantastic - if we feel that the marketplace has become toxic or manipulated, we will remove it


**By reacting :white_check_mark:, you agree to these rules. You also agree to the rules of other marketplaces, when applicable.**

Commit message:

Timestamps may be shown on digital device

MarketplaceRules.md, after:

```ini
[Marketplace Rules] 
```
`Updated 11/14/2021`

*First, some things to define;*

** Users must be __LEVEL 10__ to POST in the marketplace.** The marketplace is a privilege for active members. This is to protect you from scammers and exploitation of the marketplace. You can check your level by typing \rank in <#809956837062737960>

 **Receipt value** - The amount of money paid for your item **from a retailer BEFORE TAX.** If this is a restricted product, and a user is unable to provide a receipt from an __authorized__ retailer, we will base it off **the current price from MicroCenter**. If not available from MicroCenter, staff will use their best judgement from other retailers.

** Restricted product** - Due to the wonderful world of semiconductor shortages, some items will be heavily monitored in the marketplace channels;
```diff
- Graphics cards (Ampere (30 series), Turing (20 series, 16 series), Big Navi (6000 series), Navi (5000 series)
```

1. **If your listing contains a restricted product (see above), you must include the receipt value and the math used to determine your sale price, somewhere in your listing. Staff may request receipts for verification.
**
**When rule violations occur with these items, staff will treat it with heightened priority and seriousness.**

** MSRP** - When staff use this term, refer to Receipt value.
 \
2. **ALL TRANSACTIONS HAPPEN IN THE MARKETPLACE. **Those who offer to sell or buy in chats will be warned, and their messages deleted. See above.

3. **Marketplace is intended for hardware only.** There is some leeway with this, since hardware is loosely defined. We intend for computer components, peripherals, and other DIY-related content to be posted in the marketplace. Obscure or unrelated content will be removed.


4. **NO SCALPING. IMPORTANT!!!** __Please read carefully.__

** Price Brackets**
We have price brackets established for ALL items in the marketplace. 
```yaml
For products with a receipt value of $0-999.99: Max amount: Receipt value x 1.23
For products with a receipt value of $1000-1999.99: Max amount: Receipt value x 1.17
For products with a receipt value of $2000+: Max amount: Receipt value x 1.14
```

**ALL listings must follow this rule, including trade deals ON BOTH ENDS.**
In regards to undervaluing, staff will use discretion to determine if the user is exploiting the marketplace.
**Please review the term "Receipt Value" above.**

 **Inclusion Costs**
This section tells you what you can include in the **receipt value** of a product. Please see **Receipt Value** above for definition

**What can be included in RECEIPT VALUE:**
    Warranties - **must be transferable**. MicroCenter warranties are transferable.

**What cannot be included in RECEIPT VALUE:**
```
> Shipping and handling from a retailer - cannot be involved in your profit.
> Sale/transaction fees - this is due to ToS violation of certain organizations like PayPal.
> Bundled software - You get the software for free - why would you get to profit from it?
> Tax - can't be involved in your profit. You may, however, simply list your item for receipt value (no multiplier) + tax, what many call "at cost".
```


** Violations**
 Violations of this rule is based upon discretion of staff; however, users will not be punished for human error. We are all human, so we understand. As stated previously, restricted products will be of higher scrutiny. Please review the scalping policy as stated in <#892488347036041267> ; in many scenarios,** scalping will result in ban.**

** Discretion**
There will always be subjective cases to listings, such as bundles and prebuilts. As such, **staff will be able to use discretion on ALL listings in the marketplace**. If you're trying to loophole the system, whether it be bundles or prebuilts or anything else, you will be moderated.
<--- POST LINE BREAK --->
```ini
[Listing Rules]
```
5. **Please follow H-W-L format.** H - have, W - want, L - location, example:

```
[H] 3080 X (paid $1009 after tax)
[W] 3080 Y
[L] Columbus, Ohio 
```

Do not put W before H, as it makes it confusing, and you'll get a bunch of messages from people who misread.

6. **Listings only in marketplace channels.** Your DMs should be open if you're expecting to negotiate in marketplace. Discussion and commentary about listings is not allowed.

 7. **ALL LISTINGS REQUIRE A LEGIBLE, RECENT TIMESTAMP.** After many complaints of false postings and scams, you must take a picture of the item with your username and date somewhere in the image. It cannot be digitally added to a picture (i.e. photoshopped); must be either handwritten or displayed on a digital device in the photo, like a tablet or phone.

8. **All items in listings must be IN HAND.** No posting pictures of a Newegg dub. Have them item in hand, follow the rule above, then post.

9. **All selling listings require asking price.** 

10. **WANT TO BUY REQUESTS ARE NOT ALLOWED.** They are considered spam.

11. **You may repost your listing once every 48 hours, at most 3 times.** If it doesn't sell, it doesn't sell. Don't clutter the marketplace.

12. **You cannot ask for transaction fees when using PayPal.** This is against their terms of use.

13. **If you are shipping something, you must emphasize who covers those costs.** On other platforms, when the cost of an item covers shipping, they say  "$(dollar amount) shipped". Else, emphasize that shipping costs are separate.

14.  **DO NOT DELETE LISTINGS.** We like to keep records. We will know if you delete it, and still have a copy. **If you have sold or traded your item, edit the listing saying SOLD or TRADED.  If you no longer wish to sell your item, please strike it out and mark as "no longer for sale."**
<---POST LINE BREAK--->
```ini
[Notes]
```
**We take the marketplace seriously.** It is one of the most controversial concepts for a Discord server, especially when we enforce scalper policy. As such, understand that every action comes with discussion amongst the staff members

**Be smart about what you do online.** We do everything we can to prevent scamming or exploitation, but we are not impenetrable. Please use caution, and report suspicious behaviors to <@575252669443211264>

**It may be wise to write your listing in Notepad prior to submission.**

**Keep your listing to the point.** Add notes that you feel are relevant, but don't make it spammy.

**Marketplace is a privilege.** As stated before, the marketplace is controversial. We want to make user experience fantastic - if we feel that the marketplace has become toxic or manipulated, we will remove it


**By reacting :white_check_mark:, you agree to these rules. You also agree to the rules of other marketplaces, when applicable.**
