StaffEnforcementGuide.md, before:

```diff
- RULE ENFORCEMENT GUIDE

UPDATED 4/1/22

- STAFF DISCRETION GUIDELINES:

Small Infraction Actions = Warnings
Large Infraction Actions = Mutes (6 hours) (24 hours) (3 days)
Last resort (when other methods have not curbed bad behavior) = Ban

Conduct is numbered based on current server rules

All offending posts should be removed, with exception of some marketplace infractions
```
```diff
- GENERAL RULES
```
```
TIER 1 RULES:

*Scalping products (rule 1)
*Encouraging or violating Micro Center policies (rule 2)
*Ban Evasion (rule 10)
*NSFW Content (rule 12)
*Hate speech (rule 13)
*Threats to members or staff (rule 16)

ESCALATION IS AS FOLLOWS:

*First offense - Ban
```
```
TIER 2 RULES:

*Spamming server channels (rule 5)
*Promoting or requesting non-official retailers of keys and licenses for software, games, etc (rule 11)

ESCALATION IS AS FOLLOWS:

*First offense - Warning the user to stop and refer to rules.
*Second offense - Ban
```
```
TIER 3 RULES:

*Spreading misleading information (rule 6)
*Advertising other servers (rule 8)
*Posts unrelated to stock information in stock channels (rule 9)

ESCALATION IS AS FOLLOWS:

*First offense - Warning the user to stop and refer to rules.
*Second offense - Mute for 24 hours
*Third offense - Ban
```
```
Tier 4 rules:

*Political discussion (rule 4)
*Posting referral links (rule 7)
*advertising or promoting bots used to buy or resell multiple items (rule 15)

ESCALATION IS AS FOLLOWS:

*First offense - Warning the user to stop and refer to rules.
*Second offense - Mute for 24 hours
*Third offense - Mute for 3 days
*Fourth offense - Ban
```
```diff
- MARKETPLACE RULES
```
```
TIER 1 RULES:

*Scalping (rule 1)

ESCALATION IS AS FOLLOWS:

*First offense - ban (unless it appears to be a mistake)
```
```
TIER 2 RULES:

*no talking in marketplace (rule 2)
*no offering sales outside of marketplace (rule 3)
*no want-to-buy posts (rule 8)
*listing deletion after sold (rule 10)

ESCALATION IS AS FOLLOWS:

*First offense - warn
*Second offense - 24h mute
*Third offense - marketplace privileges revoked (remove xp)
*Final offense - ban
```
```
TIER 3 RULES:

*hardware only listings (rule 4)
*timestamps required (rule 5)
*listings must be physically in-hand (rule 6)
*listings need an asking price (rule 7)
*no asking for explicit PayPal G&S fees (rule 9)

ESCALATION IS AS FOLLOWS:

*First offense - dyno DM
*Second offense - warn
*Third offense - 24h mute
*Fourth offense - marketplace privileges revoked (remove xp)
*Final offense - ban
```

Commit message:

Enforcement guide updates for strikes/timing

StaffEnforcementGuide.md, after:

```diff
- RULE ENFORCEMENT GUIDE

UPDATED 4/26/22

- STAFF DISCRETION GUIDELINES:

Small Infraction Actions = Warnings
Large Infraction Actions = Mutes (6 hours) (24 hours) (3 days)
Last resort (when other methods have not curbed bad behavior) = Ban

**Consider three "strikes" per quarter, unless it feels like the user is escalating behavior over time.**

All offending posts should be removed, with exception of some marketplace infractions
```
<--- POST BREAK HERE --->
```diff
- GENERAL RULES
```
```
TIER 1 RULES:

*Scalping products (rule 1)
*Encouraging or violating Micro Center policies (rule 2)
*Ban Evasion (rule 10)
*NSFW Content (rule 12)
*Hate speech (rule 13)
*Threats to members or staff (rule 16)

ESCALATION IS AS FOLLOWS:

*First offense - Ban
```
```
TIER 2 RULES:

*Spamming server channels (rule 5)
*Promoting or requesting non-official retailers of keys and licenses for software, games, etc (rule 11)

ESCALATION IS AS FOLLOWS:

*First offense - Warning the user to stop and refer to rules.
*Second offense - Ban
```
```
TIER 3 RULES:

*Spreading misleading information (rule 6)
*Advertising other servers (rule 8)
*Posts unrelated to stock information in stock channels (rule 9)

ESCALATION IS AS FOLLOWS:

*First offense - Warning the user to stop and refer to rules.
*Second offense - Mute for 24 hours
*Third offense - Ban
```
```
Tier 4 rules:

*Political discussion (rule 4)
*Posting referral links (rule 7)
*advertising or promoting bots used to buy or resell multiple items (rule 15)

ESCALATION IS AS FOLLOWS:

*First offense - Warning the user to stop and refer to rules.
*Second offense - Mute for 24 hours
*Third offense - Mute for 3 days
*Fourth offense - Ban
```
<--- POST BREAK HERE --->
```diff
- MARKETPLACE RULES
```
```
TIER 1 RULES:

*Scalping (rule 1)

ESCALATION IS AS FOLLOWS:

*First offense - ban (unless it appears to be a mistake)
```
```
TIER 2 RULES:

*no talking in marketplace (rule 2)
*no offering sales outside of marketplace (rule 3)
*no want-to-buy posts (rule 8)
*listing deletion after sold (rule 10)

ESCALATION IS AS FOLLOWS:

*First offense - warn
*Second offense - 24h mute
*Third offense - marketplace privileges revoked (remove xp)
*Final offense - ban
```
```
TIER 3 RULES:

*hardware only listings (rule 4)
*timestamps required (rule 5)
*listings must be physically in-hand (rule 6)
*listings need an asking price (rule 7)
*no asking for explicit PayPal G&S fees (rule 9)

ESCALATION IS AS FOLLOWS:

*First offense - dyno DM
*Second offense - warn
*Third offense - 24h mute
*Fourth offense - marketplace privileges revoked (remove xp)
*Final offense - ban
```
