Welcome.md, before:

Hello, and welcome to the Unofficial Micro Center Discord. A community where we share our love for technology and help one another get the tech we desire.
 
The first thing you should do is to read the rules in <#892488347036041267>, then react to the rules at the bottom of the page by clicking the :white_check_mark:. Next, take a look at the revealed <#903109571491536906> channel and pick your local store.
 
Here's a brief description of the channel categories that are in the server:
```ini
[GENERAL] - General chat channels, like public chat and server questions.
```
```ini
[TECHNOLOGY] - Technology related chat channels, like benchmarks, troubleshooting, gaming, pc build advice, etc.
```
```ini
[OFF-TOPIC] - Non-technology related chat channels, like cars and music.
```
```ini
[MARKETPLACE] - selling and trading posts, divided up into geographic store regions. Active Member status ("Green" / Mee6 Level 10) required to list items in the marketplace. 
```
Marketplace has its own set of rules in <#892606881581899826>.

We hope that you have a fun and joyful experience in our server!

If you need help with joining the server, please submit a ticket to @ModMail#5460

Here's an invite to our Server if you want to invite others: https://discord.com/invite/umcd

Commit message:

Welcome edits to reference check-rank and mee6

Welcome.md, after:

Hello, and welcome to the Unofficial Micro Center Discord. A community where we share our love for technology and help one another get the tech we desire.
 
The first thing you should do is to read the rules in <#892488347036041267>, then react to the rules at the bottom of the page by clicking the :white_check_mark:. Next, take a look at the revealed <#903109571491536906> channel and pick your local store.

We have a leveling system here, provided by Mee6, that encourages chatting in channels by providing rewards at certain milestone levels. The <#947564067042762793> channel has details on how this works and how to check your level.
 
Here's a brief description of the channel categories that are in the server:
```ini
[GENERAL] - General chat channels, like public chat and server questions.
```
```ini
[TECHNOLOGY] - Technology related chat channels, like benchmarks, troubleshooting, gaming, pc build advice, etc.
```
```ini
[OFF-TOPIC] - Non-technology related chat channels, like cars and music.
```
```ini
[MARKETPLACE] - selling and trading posts, divided up into geographic store regions. Active Member status ("Green" / Mee6 Level 10) required to list items in the marketplace. 
```
Marketplace has its own set of rules in <#892606881581899826>.

We hope that you have a fun and joyful experience in our server!

If you need help with joining the server, please submit a ticket to @ModMail#5460

Here's an invite to our Server if you want to invite others: https://discord.com/invite/umcd
